[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Anybody
got stuck on anything?
>> Speaker 2: But you're gonna go over
your actions folder?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I forgot about that.
Yeah, so actions,
let's see what's in here.
What is in here?
Man, okay don't look at that.
[LAUGH] That shouldn't be in there.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
we'll talk about that.
Okay, yeah, so what I did here was, it's a
nice pattern to have a file where you just
keep the constants for
your actions, so let me recap.
We had an action called ADD_TODO and
I kept passing around between the files.
So I can just declare it here.
So I can just declare those action
types here in a file, a constant.
So here are all the constants for
all the actions that I'm gonna have.
That way I can just use them everywhere.
All right, so
I'm writing this string everywhere.
I'll just import these variables here,
that's all.
So here are all my action types
that I think that we'll have.
So maybe we want to change a tab.
We wanna actually do that cuz
we're gonna have a tab interface.
This is what I'll start
with all the async actions.
So FETCH_CURRENT_WORKOUT will be fired
right before we call the server.
And then FETCH_CURRENT_WORKOUT_COMPLETE
will be called after the server response.
So every time you see
these two sibling actions,
you probably can guess that it's going
to be like some asynchronous thing.
The same thing with ADD_EXERCISE and
ADD_EXERCISE_COMPLETE.
This is gonna be asynchronous.
And then this is the one for
the modal, SET_EXERCISE_VISIBILITY.
So these are just constants.
You can call it whatever.
Most call them types cuz
they're action types.
And then in actions, before, we hardcoded
the action right inside the dispatch.
Where the pattern which we actually
wanna use is action creator.
Which is just a fancy word for a function
that makes an action, that's all it is.
So there's this plugin or
this library that somebody may call it
redux-actions which does that for you.
It's really not that great.
What it does,
it just saves you from writing code.
All createAction does is it takes
the type of the action you want.
And then it returns a function for
you to pass in the payload.
That's it, and it creates an object.
So what createAction is for redux-actions,
all it's gonna do is just do this for us.
It's just gonna return an object with
a given type, whatever the type is.
And it's just gonna put
a payload on it for us.
And the payload is whatever
we pass in here, so visible.
That's all it's doing.
This is a helper method to do it.
>> Scott Moss: So
that's what I'm doing here.
So I'll just have a function that
I can pass true or false to.
And this is gonna return createAction.
And again, I don't have to put a return
keyword here because it's implicit way of
using these parentheses here,
so implicit return.
So I'm just returning createAction,
which is just an object with
a type property of this type and
a payload of this value, yes.
>> Speaker 2: Question from the audience.
Jessie T asks, with the container folder,
do you use a UI folder for
those files?
>> Scott Moss: Exactly, so
when you start making the UI
components which we will.
In the lesson up next, we're gonna have
a UI folder for those UI components.
Yes, and
don't look at action creators in here.
Because this is all the asynchronous
stuff that we haven't gotten to yet.
I left it in there.
Don't look at it.
Cool, any questions on this?
>> Speaker 2: Do you always
use the key payload in your actions?
>> Scott Moss: Yes, so
there's this thing called FSA,
Flux Standard Action.
It's what the react community came up
with as far as what the actions should
look like.
And it describes the action
of having a type property,
a payload property and
an optional error property.
And then I think there's also
an optional meta property.
If we wanna pass in specific
metadata that isn't the payload.
But might have instructions
on how to create a new state.
So yes, because of that, I use payload.
And if you use redux-actions,
which I'm using right here,
it will attach whatever you pass in
as a payload to the payload property.
It's just a standard way of doing it.
I think it's a great way to have that.
That way, you can keep, you can swap out,
I guess, different flux implementations.
Without having to change your action
code cuz it's all the same type.
So yeah, I use payload.
You could use whatever you want,
it's totally up to you.
But it's really nice just to have
a standard inside your reducers.
And not have to think about like where
is the data on this action object?
Where is it?
Was it action.data,
was it action.response?
I don't know what it is.
If it's always action.payload,
then I know what it is.
It's totally fine, it's just a standard.
>> Scott Moss: Any
more questions on this?
>> Speaker 2: Just a comment.
It took me a second but I hadn't seen the
pattern before where you're on line two.
You're importing that file constants and
then as types.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: And I just think it's really
cool how you can then use it almost
like an unknown from other languages.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it's exactly right.
So I'm saying import everything
from that file as a variable type.
So it's just creating object types and
putting everything in a file on that
property, on that object for me.
Yeah, or I can import them independently
as well because I'm exporting them all
independently.
So the equivalent is also just to
export an object here with all these
properties on it, you can do that.
But then you won't be able to import them.
Well, you still can import
them individually, too.
You'd have to use destructuring.
So, yeah, either way,
it will totally work.
>> Scott Moss: Any other
questions?
>> Scott Moss: Is this what
everybody got?
>> Speaker 2: Could you explain.
I was in the bathroom, but could you
explain why the action creators versus
these actions?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
the reason we wanna use action creators
is so that we can abstract the actual
creation of the action object away from
where we actually dispatch the action.
Because before, we hardcoded in
the object of type and then payload.
But if we were to use that action in many
places, we have to write that over and
over and over again and
probably mess up somewhere.
So having an action creator is
great because this also gives us
a chance to do other things.
Like for instance, let's say this
is just a Boolean right here.
But let's say the actual payload was just
like an object with something else on it.
This is where we can modify that
before we pass it in to the reducer.
So it's a great place to do that.
So it's really great just to have these
action creators versus just hardcoding in
an action.
You can also just like to store.
They're just static actions
that take no payload.
They're just like one-off actions.
You can just store them in variables, too.
If you just have an action that
was just like export const.
And the action might be, I don't know,
we'll just call it error.
This is a random error action
that will fire notification.
You can just go ahead and say, yeah,
it's type ERROR, and that's it.
And I can just use this everywhere, right?
Because it's not gonna take any payload so
you don't need a function.
And it's just a regular action
that does this error thing.
>> Scott Moss: Whoa, I've never seen that.
Any other questions?
>> Scott Moss: Nope, all right, cool.
So the next thing we're gonna do is talk
about the different navigation strategies.
Question, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Unrelated to redux,
is there a global object in
React Native that we can attach
things to similar to window?
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
I don't know if I should answer that.
[LAUGH] Okay,
before I answer it, don't do it.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Just don't
attach to the global.
And yes, there is a global object.
And the way you can figure it out,
I'm just gonna show you how to figure
out versus telling you what it is.
Is if you just go to the debugger,
>> Scott Moss: And
you hit debug.js remotely.
I guess it's debugging.
>> Scott Moss: Here we go.
There's our breakpoint there.
And if you just go, I don't know,
you can go literally anywhere.
Let's just go wherever.
And if you look, there's a object
right here literally called global.
That's the global, it's called global.
It's not this, it's global.
So if you wanna attach
something as a global,
you literally say global dot whatever and
it is attached to the global.
That's just a CommonJS thing
which is what React is using.
Cuz it's using Node, which uses CommonJS.
So a Node in CommonJS, and
therefore React Native.
Yes, global is the global, but
don't attach anything to global.
[LAUGH] It's the whole point of
modules is to not have globals.
Although React Native does
provide globals for us.
Does anybody here know how Node works?
>> Speaker 2: Nobody knows how Node works.
[LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: I'm looking
at the source for Node for a year.
And the way they actually inject
the globals into Node is actually
each module by first this file as a module
is actually wrapped in the IIFE, right?
So each module is just a function like
this.
>> Scott Moss: And then what they do is
they pass in all these globals to
the functions so you have access to them.
So like module, require, dirname,
global, all this is passed in.
So that's why you have
access to them magically.
But that's really what it's doing.
It's just creating an IIFE for you.
So yes, global is a global and
that's just an object that they
pass around to every single module.
But don't use it.
Please don't use it.
I know it sucks like importing
all the time, like ugh,
I gotta import all this stuff.
But it's declarative.
If you use globals, it's imperative,
and now you don't know what's going on.
And then you're like,
I gotta make sure I load this file
first cuz it's got the global stuff.
And then it's just really bad.
Just don't do it.